add cert_file type (#124)
camptocamp/puppet-openssl: README.md

}
```

### cert\_file

> This type controls a file containing a serialed X.509 certificate. It accepts the source in eighter `PEM` or `DER` format and stores it in the desired serialisation format to the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This type controls a file containing a serialized X.509 certificate. It accepts the source in either `PEM` or `DER` format and stores it in the desired serialization format to the file.
```

```puppet
cert_file { '/path/to/certs/cacert_root1.pem':
  ensure => present,
  source => 'http://www.cacert.org/certs/root_X0F.der',
  format => pem,
}
```

Attributes:

* `path` (namevar): path to the file where the certificate should be stored
* `ensure`: `present` or `absent`

> * `source`: the URL the certificate should be downloaded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `source`: the URL the certificate should be downloaded from
```
